[txpool] Initial impl of Transaction Pool (#99)
FuelLabs/fuel-core: txpool/README.md

* by hash: Ordinary HashMap, maps hash to Tx. For fast lookup.
* by PriceSort: sorted structure that sort all transaction by GasPrice. Most optimal structure can be `BinaryHeap` for fast sorting/inserting but it does have some downsides when we want to remove one item. For use case when a lot of tx are going to be removed we can just recreate structure from scratch. For first interation we can use simple `BTreeMap` that sorts all inputs.
* by Dependency: With every fuel transaction, inputs and outputs change state and we need to be aware of it. Graph is main defensive structure behind ddos, every transaction that we include in pool should have potential to be included in next block in that sense Graph represent connection between parent and child where child is transaction that depends on execution output of parent that is found inside database or transaction pool.

## Dependency graph

Few reasonings on decision and restrains made by txpool

Visualization of dependencies between three transactions:
![UTXO dependency diagram](../../docs/diagrams/fuel_v2_client_design_UTXO_dependency.jpg)

Problem1: T2 arriving before T1.

> Solution: Have restriction that broadcast of hashes need to contains ancestor hashes and they all need to be sorted by gasPby_hashrice

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Solution: Have restriction that broadcast of hashes need to contain ancestor hashes and they all need to be sorted by gasPrice.
```

    Result: Remove T3 from txpool check every T3 child for removal. Check if any T that has lover gas is reusing T4 outputs so thay should be connected to T4.
    
### Implementation

Graph will be needed for relationship between dependable transactions so that if one of them get included/removed/replaced we need to know what to do with their dependent childrens.
We will need map of all outputs in same structure so that we can fast search them. That would be something like `HashMap<UtxoId, CoinState>` and `HashMap<ContractId,ContractState>` for both Coin and Contract state.

### Block inclusion Algorithm:
It is most straightforward one: take PriceSort and iterate over transaction. DependencyGraph inclusion garantee us that every transaction in that sorted array can be included, but only after execution that trasansaction we would be sure that is can go inside block.

### refs:
* Some information on OpenEthereum and restrictions on tx inclusion: https://openethereum.github.io/Transactions-Queue
* Possible out of scope, but it is relatively easy to add ethereum's eip1559 that adds Fee market change with basefee. More on eip1559: https://hackmd.io/@timbeiko/1559-resources

> Erigon did good docs on impl of eip1559 txpool: https://github.com/ledgerwatch/erigon/wiki/Transaction-Pool-Design

Reviewer: Should we have a section about future work that may be required? Like managing pending txs that aren't currently valid and waiting for other data, or byte prices independent of gas price?

Author: Good idea, will be added
